I need you to build a page in react, include separations to components, use divs, box, grid, and so on.
The page should be the as following:
The background color should be gradient blue - top is light and bottom is dark.
On the middle horizontal and top vertical of the page - place a title "Transcript".
Blow the title - There will be a form. The corner of the form should be rounded.
The background color of the form should have opacify half of the page background.
The form should be built as the following:
A text with "Enter the details below in order to generate your video".
Below the text - from right to left, place the following:
In the first line - First name. Next to it - Last name.
A row below - On the entire row width - Email address.
Each on of these components are textboxes.
Each text box have an icon and the label above the textbox.
In the next row of the form, please place "upload image" component. It should be built as the following:
The component have a label "Background image".
Blow - A rounded white button "Upload". Next to it - An empty Quadrilateral div where the a small thumbnail of the image should be placed as the preview of the uploaded image.
Below the button - A small progress bar animation (The entire width of the button).
Next to the this component - On the left - A color picker component. This component should be built as the following:
Identical to the style of the "Upload" button - But with the "Choose Color" text.
Next to it,  a Quadrilateral div, and when you click on the button, a dialog box to select the color will open, once the color selected it will be closed and displayed in the Quadrilateral div.
The next row built with 3 rounded corner dropdowns from right to left:
A drop down with label of "Format". The options: "HLS", "MP4", "GIF".
A drop down with label of  "Resolution". Please add screen average Resolutions options of your choise, like 1280X1280, ect)
A drop down with label of "Quality". The options are "Best", "Better", "Good".
All labels should be place above the dropdowns.
In the bottom of the form, in the left side, a rounded white button with the title "Generate".
Once you click on the button it will be disabled (With disabled style), a small loader should be displayed next to the button.

Thanks!